Support flexcan for s32z27 (#77138)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/nxp/s32z2xxdc2/doc/index.rst

cores of the system. Refer to :ref:`nxp_s32_netc-samples` to learn how to
configure the Ethernet network controller.

> Controller Area Network (CANXL)
> ===============================
> 
> Currently, the CANXL transceiver is not populated in this board. So CAN transceiver
> connection is required for running external traffic. We can use any CAN transceiver,
> which supports CAN 2.0 and CAN FD protocol.
> 
> CAN driver is provided through CANXL supports classic (CAN 2.0) and CAN FD mode.
> Remote transmission request is not supported as this feature is not available on
> NXP S32 CANXL HAL.
> 
> Controller Area Network (FLEXCAN)
> =================================
> 
> CAN driver is provided through FLEXCAN supports classic (CAN 2.0) and CAN FD mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controller Area Network
=======================

CANEXCEL
--------

CANEXCEL supports CAN Classic (CAN 2.0) and CAN FD modes. Remote transmission
request is not supported.

Note that this board does not currently come with CAN transceivers installed for
the CANEXCEL ports. To facilitate external traffic, you will need to add a CAN
transceiver. Any transceiver pin-compatible with CAN 2.0 and CAN FD protocols
can be used.

FlexCAN
-------

FlexCAN supports CAN Classic (CAN 2.0) and CAN FD modes.
```

Author: i updated it, thanks
